readme.md, before:

![screenshot](gh/desktop-lightMode.JPG)

# Hompage 2 - webpack 


## Tabel of contents

- [General info](#general-info)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Features](#features)
- [To-do list](#to-do-list)
- [Status](#status)
- [Sources](#sources)
- [Contact](#contact)


## General info

This project is being developed in progress of course ***WTF: Co ten frontend***.
Its purpose is to learn the basics of the frontend and this website was created to show this knowledge in practice.



## Technologies

- HTML 5
- SASS -SCSS
- Vanilla JS
- webpack


## Setup

In console type `npm install` then choose one of the options: 

`npm run start` - runs development mode

`npm run build` - runs build process for production

`npm run publish` - runs build process and publish the page using `gh-pages` branch


## Demo

Demo version of this project: [Link](https://skalutki.github.io/homepage2-webpack/)


## Features

- Hamburger menu
- dark / light mode
- one brake point (media queris)
- flex box
- grid


## To-do list:

- add to local storage dark / light theam


## Status

Project is: in progress, I'm still learning JS and trying to use new knowledge in practice!


## Sources

This web is inspire by Maciej Korsan and tutorial by [WTF: Co ten frontend](https://cotenfrontend.pl/)


## Contact

Created by skalutki <skalutki@gmail.com> - feel free to contact me!

Commit message:

Feature: Dark light mode in Local storage works & update readme

readme.md, after:

![screenshot](gh/desktop-lightMode.JPG)

# Hompage 2 - webpack

## Tabel of contents

- [General info](#general-info)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Features](#features)
- [To-do list](#to-do-list)
- [Status](#status)
- [Sources](#sources)
- [Contact](#contact)

## General info

This project is being developed in progress of course **_WTF: Co ten frontend_**.
Its purpose is to learn the basics of the frontend and this website was created to show this knowledge in practice.

## Technologies

- HTML 5
- SASS -SCSS
- Vanilla JS
- webpack

## Setup

In console type `npm install` then choose one of the options:

`npm run start` - runs development mode

`npm run build` - runs build process for production

`npm run publish` - runs build process and publish the page using `gh-pages` branch

## Demo

Demo version of this project: [Link](https://skalutki.github.io/homepage2-webpack/)

## Features

- Hamburger menu
- dark / light mode
- Local storage
- one brake point (media queris)
- flex box
- grid

## To-do list:

- Color change for light mode
- Try use attribute for light / dark mode

## Status

Project is: in progress, I'm still learning JS and trying to use new knowledge in practice!

## Sources

This web is inspire by Maciej Korsan and tutorial by [WTF: Co ten frontend](https://cotenfrontend.pl/)

## Contact

Created by skalutki <skalutki@gmail.com> - feel free to contact me!
